README.md, before:

# vue3-lib-starter

This template should help get you started developing with Vue 3 in Vite.

## Recommended IDE Setup

[VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) +
[Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar) (and disable Vetur) +
[TypeScript Vue Plugin (Volar)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.vscode-typescript-vue-plugin).

## Type Support for `.vue` Imports in TS

TypeScript cannot handle type information for `.vue` imports by default, so we replace the `tsc` CLI
with `vue-tsc` for type checking. In editors, we need
[TypeScript Vue Plugin (Volar)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.vscode-typescript-vue-plugin)
to make the TypeScript language service aware of `.vue` types.

If the standalone TypeScript plugin doesn't feel fast enough to you, Volar has also implemented a
[Take Over Mode](https://github.com/johnsoncodehk/volar/discussions/471#discussioncomment-1361669)
that is more performant. You can enable it by the following steps:

1. Disable the built-in TypeScript Extension
   1. Run `Extensions: Show Built-in Extensions` from VSCode's command palette
   2. Find `TypeScript and JavaScript Language Features`, right click and select
      `Disable (Workspace)`
2. Reload the VSCode window by running `Developer: Reload Window` from the command palette.

## Customize configuration

See [Vite Configuration Reference](https://vitejs.dev/config/).

## Project Setup

```sh
npm install
```

### Compile and Hot-Reload for Development

```sh
npm run dev
```

### Type-Check, Compile and Minify for Production

```sh
npm run build
```

Commit message:

Update starter pack and add vitest

README.md, after:

# vue3-lib-starter

Starter pack for create library on vue 3, vite, typescript, sass and vitest

## Recommended IDE Setup

[VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) +
[Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar) (and disable Vetur) +
[TypeScript Vue Plugin (Volar)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.vscode-typescript-vue-plugin).

## Type Support for `.vue` Imports in TS

TypeScript cannot handle type information for `.vue` imports by default, so we replace the `tsc` CLI
with `vue-tsc` for type checking. In editors, we need
[TypeScript Vue Plugin (Volar)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.vscode-typescript-vue-plugin)
to make the TypeScript language service aware of `.vue` types.

If the standalone TypeScript plugin doesn't feel fast enough to you, Volar has also implemented a
[Take Over Mode](https://github.com/johnsoncodehk/volar/discussions/471#discussioncomment-1361669)
that is more performant. You can enable it by the following steps:

1. Disable the built-in TypeScript Extension
   1. Run `Extensions: Show Built-in Extensions` from VSCode's command palette
   2. Find `TypeScript and JavaScript Language Features`, right click and select
      `Disable (Workspace)`
2. Reload the VSCode window by running `Developer: Reload Window` from the command palette.

## Customize configuration

See [Vite Configuration Reference](https://vitejs.dev/config/).

## Project Setup

```sh
npm install
```

### Compile and Hot-Reload for Development

```sh
npm run dev
```

### Type-Check, Compile and Minify for Production

```sh
npm run build
```

### Run Unit Tests with [Vitest](https://vitest.dev/)

```sh
npm run test:unit
```

### Lint with [ESLint](https://eslint.org/)

```sh
npm run lint
```
